Hello Meltdown, how are you all tonight?
Once again, Harmontown is in session in Hollywood, California at the comfortable confines of
Meltdown Comics, NerdMelt Theater.
Won't you please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
We have so much to do tonight.
What the fuck?
All right, thank you.
All right, tonight's theme is litany, tonight's theme is lists, all right?
Tonight's theme is items on the docket.
I've got a pad of paper and a pen.
I've got a Samsung giant phone, I've got Evernote, I've got a list of shit I want to talk about
tonight.
We're going to do it fast because I just got a note from you in the green room, oh the
shows are too long, they're getting too long, 90 minutes, let's make it 90 minutes.
Yeah, he's like the noid, he's like the noid, he's our enemy.
Nobody wants a two hour show, two hours is too long.
All right, let's fuck, settle in, I hope he brought some snacks.
In Jeff's defense, if we target a 90 minute show, it's a two hour show, so it's like
Jesus Christ, like if you try to be a good person, you end up like okay, yeah, all right,
you chart that star, you don't expect to hit it.
Thank you ma'am.
Somebody yelled out, tweeted, all right, item number one on the list, let's just barrel
through it, let's barrel through it.
The only thing I thought of today, this is from the Rob Delaney department, where I'm
like, in other words, I thought this was clever, okay, you know how when you die you poop your
pants, okay, here's how you solve all of the world's problems, in my opinion, and I don't
know how to enforce this, I don't know how to create this environment, but this would
solve all the world's problems.
When you die, instead of pooping your own pants, you get to choose whose pants you poop
in.
Wait, you can create poop in somebody else's pants?
Every, yeah, every, yeah, so like, every human being on earth, so dick chainie's pants
would constantly be filled with shit.
There would be no dick chainie, he would not do the things he'd done.
He wouldn't do it, he'd go, it's not worth it.
Every minute of every day, it's like a bell ringing and an angel getting a twang, there's
another load in my fucking pants, I can't do it, it's not worth it, what's worth it?
All the oil, all the money in the world, every second another person dies that chooses me,
my pants to crap it.
Also, if you murder somebody and get away with it, the person that you kill gets to poop
in your pants at any time.
Oh, you know they will, you know they will, that's the least they can do.
It's like the game of werewolf, there's a card that you rarely use, I think it's like
a hunter or something and it's like when the werewolf kills the hunter, the hunter gets
to actually pick somebody to take out as they go out.
If everyone had that power, no one would fucking, it's the perfect blend, there's too many people
in this world that chooses a religion, like this idea that they're going to be punished
in the afterlife, that's fucked up because that means you're not on your best behavior
in this world.
You think too much about the afterlife, it's too stupid, it's dumb, you know and then the
other end of the spectrum you have like atheists who are like well, you know what's happening
right here is what's important but they don't have a god so they're not accountable to anything.
The perfect mix, the perfect karmic mix, okay there is no afterlife, fuck that but on your
way out of the game you get to shit in someone's pants, who's it going to be?
Alright, let's say Dan, let's say you get a piano falls through the ceiling right now
and crushes you and you die.
Then I get to go, time freezes as I die and Gabriel comes down or if you prefer Allah
or Giuseppe, whatever your religion is, if you're Muslim or Italian or if you're a fan
of Half-Life, that snake guy comes out with a suit and the briefcase and goes, Mr. Gooden,
good job, it seems the game is over, I expected a bigger response from my crowd for the Half-Life
reference.
What's his name?
G-Man, yeah.
They freeze time and they go, whose pants would you like to shit in and then you get
a brief dialogue.
Wait, Vincent Price comes to you?
Yeah, kind of, yeah, Vincent Price, that's about it, you get to choose the form of your
shit accountant.
This is getting better.
Yeah, yeah, you get to choose, Gene Hackman comes out, good job, who's pants do you want
to shit in, soldier, I got Gene Hackman, I would like to know more about this piano that
fell on me, this good, good, good, I like your style, soldier.
You move up and you see the guy that dropped the piano, I go, okay, why did he drop the
piano?
You get to spend, I don't know, you get a half hour or you get to move around with the camera,
it's like the Half-Life source engineer.
Does the person who poops their pants know that this is a ghost poop, know that this
is, no, they don't, they don't, they don't, you never know, if you're walking, so there's
people on this earth that are walking around and they're like, oh, man, I'm such a real
estate mogul, who did that, fuck you, you don't know, but be nice tomorrow, motherfucker,
be nice.
You've revealed that you poop your pants a lot throughout the year, you're just going
to think that you're a terrible person, no, no, come on, you're normally pooping, silly,
that's dumb, it's not dumb, no, no, no, you have admitted that you poop your pants from
time to time.
But it always follows me going, I think I have a fart coming.
This follows nothing.
Oh, so you'll know.
You're in line at the bank and then your pants are filled with shit.
It doesn't come out of your butt, it suddenly teleports into your pants, you're about to
cash a check and you have shit in my pants and everyone's going, what smells, who smells,
what smells, oh, who's that guy?
And you know, it's like a comment section, like, okay, maybe that person, maybe the person
that pooped in his pants is crazy, maybe, given the benefit of the doubt, because if
you don't, if you punish him too hard, if you go, hey, stinky, who'd you fuck over?
He might shit in your pants when he dies, so keep a low profile, that's the natural
effect it's going to have on our national psyche.
One death, one shit, you get to poop in one person's pants.
One solid fucking chunky poop in the pants of your choosing.
All right, Dan, let's say God forbid you drop dead tonight, and who would I choose?
Who's your poop accountant?
Your poop, your poop meister?
Just off the top of my head, Bruce Valanche.
Bruce Valanche.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, not who's pants do you poop in?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, sorry.
First, who's your Gene Hackman?
Who do you pick?
Oh, oh, oh, who's my gozer?
Yeah.
Like my anti-gozer?
Top of your head.
Noam Chomsky.
No, he's alive.
They don't have to be dead.
I'm going to, you know, fuck you, Juliet, I'm going to shit your pants when I die.
All right, so Noam Chomsky comes out and says, taking time out of his trench into social
commentaries, and you tell him you want to poop in Bruce Valanche's pants.
Yeah.
And I tell him why.
And I get to, and he, no matter what, it's like contact, you know, Jody Foster's dad.
Like, he's a projector, so no matter what, Noam Chomsky's not going to go, Dan, don't
be petty.
Noam Chomsky's going to go, you know what?
I discovered language at MIT, and I'm the foremost dissenter of American foreign policy.
Bruce Valanche, good choice, Dan.
Yeah.
And that's like, that's the joy you carry into the afterlife, into oblivion.
But you can't leave a calling card.
They don't know who's, I don't want them to, because that's the important thing.
Because then you start, here's what, here's what, here's what, here's what, here's what,
here's what, here's what Dick Cheney'll do.
Here's what Dick Cheney'll do.
He'll go to the Pentagon, he'll go in the basement and go, wah, wah, I need you to invent
a device that flags all the shit coming into my pants and separates it, each name, if there's
a name tag, I want you to track it, track it, and all their families go to Guantanamo.
See?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Like, I don't want any of that shit.
I want him to just have shit in his pants, so the volume of it is a measure of people's
anger against it.
Yeah.
That's it.
Like, why is this, what the fuck did I do?
I'll tell you what you did, motherfucker, you fucked around too much with too many people.
You got too high on the radar.
But Dan.
Welcome to America.
Okay, here, I have a, I found a-
You got a bunch of shit in your pants.
Clean it up.
I have found-
If you're going to be famous, be cool, be friendly, be nice, be Mother Teresa.
If you're going to be famous, if you're going to be on a coffee cup, be on a coffee cup
because you're the coolest person in the world.
And then every once in a while, still, you'll be driving down Hollywood Boulevard, like,
oh, okay, some 15-year-old asshole wanted to fuck with it.
Okay, fine.
Yeah, but aren't famous, you've read comment sections after an episode of a show that you've
made.
Yeah.
People are petty.
Well, I'm an asshole.
Yeah.
I am partially an asshole, you know?
Like-
How much, if this went into effect, how many-
If it's consigned into law.
Here's hoping it does.
It seems like a long shot, but if it does go into effect-
How many times do you think people are going to die and on their deathbed make you poop?
Honestly, like, do you think there's thousands, hundreds, well, yeah, I don't know.
Strangers?
Yeah.
Really?
Well, no, no, no, that's not true because you only get one.
You get one.
So you get passed up, you know?
Who's going to use it too ironically?
Yeah.
You know?
Like, when I go-
Yeah, first and foremost, by the way-
Yeah, Kevin Smith.
I'll tell you what.
You know what?
You know who's going to get the most?
You.
Because it's your idea.
I don't get credit for the idea.
I don't want that.
That's not cool.
You can't do that because then everyone's doing it.
Because everyone-
After I make this happen, everyone's going to resent the-
Yeah.
Like, you know, I don't suppose you've seen Highlander 2, but like-
Yes?
Conor McLeod invented a shield that protects the earth from the effects of the depleted
ozone and everyone resents him because it's an eternal night and also there's Highlanders?
It's 8.25.
I could go on and on about it.
You know what?
Can I change my answer?
I would shit in the pants of the director of Highlander 2.
Not the writer.
Can I split my shit?
Can I put half on the writer's pants?
All right, listen, we've got a litany, a litany.
We have a list.
Okay?
We have a menu.
Can we just move on?
Sure.
Okay.
Jeff.
Yeah.
All right.
I spent today.
I changed my phone to Android.
A couple-
I just sent you a text, by the way.
Oh, did you?
Well, I had my volume down.
Oh.
So this is the-
All right.
Give me one second.
Let me just explain.
I just-
This is the benefit of an Android phone as opposed to an iPhone.
I'll resend that text.
Yeah.
I spent today pimping out my phone notification wise.
Like, I downloaded different sounds and sent them, so send me a text first.
Send me a text.
Sending right now.
Yeah, that was a Star Trek sound.
Yeah.
All right, Jeff, can you send me an email?
Would you read it?
Would you read the text?
All right.
I, Dan Harmon, love dicks and balls on my head.
That's not going to fool anybody.
Yeah.
They know I'm reading that.
I'm sending you an email right now, too.
Let's see.
It's going to take a second to send that one.
Oh, yeah.
That might not register right away.
Yeah.
The email's different.
Leave it on.
Okay.
It's the wheels returning here.
I'll hold it up here.
Okay.
All right.
So is that something you went online and got?
The Star Trek sound effect?
Yeah, because I-
Yeah, because I can't, because I'm free.
You know?
I'm not a slave to Apple.
That should have sent.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm just-
Transformers?
Transformers.
Old school transformers.
Awesome.
From the center.
All right.
That's it.
Okay.
That's the next item on the list.
You want to read the-
We're shipping through the-
You're not going to read the email that I sent you?
All right.
I'll read the email.
That's kind of rude.
All right.
Oh!
daylight, light.
What the fuck good-
I thought there was a rap beat.
I'm sorry.
I didn't-
I didn't know what you were doing.
It started like a rap beat.
I was starting yeah like-
Yeah, it was a Motown sample and then a rap beat was going to happen.
All right.
Just,
Should I have one?
Should I have a rap beat input?
I guess it should-
Sure, always.
Are you my friend?
Yeah.
Your answer's yes.
Fair enough.
Next on the list, next on the list.
All right, Holly Berry, Burbank Eye.
Okay, so there's a movie poster,
I guess there's a movie coming out.
It's Holly, Holly Berry's got a headset phone thing on,
and underneath her face is a map of Los Angeles.
And I saw it on a stoplight, it's on a bus stop,
and I guess it's about a 911 dispatcher or something
that says like, there are 1,800 911 calls every day
in Los Angeles.
This one got personal.
And it's Holly Berry's face,
and then underneath her face at half opacity
is a map of Los Angeles.
So you see like Santa Monica's by her lip,
like a corner of her lip,
but then like right under her eye,
it's like Glendale Burbank.
I don't know, to me, it undercut the severity of the,
like Burbank, it's a Burbank Eye.
Like the Burbank under her eye,
your eye goes right to it, because it's her eye.
Like, oh, hey pretty lady, Burbank.
It's just a dumb town.
I work in Burbank, but it's just a dumb like Burbank.
Like, oh, hey, this one got personal Burbank Eye.
It's kind of dumb.
Same department, Superman poster.
What's going on?
I drove past the Warner Brothers lot.
I saw a poster, it's Superman and handcuffs
with people like cops behind them.
Anybody, anybody?
Somebody's got to know about this.
So who called out what?
Henry Cabot.
Henry Cabot?
Cabo?
I'm sorry, I don't, I just, this is all gibberish.
Henry Cabot Lodge is playing Superman.
Oh, oh, okay, is anyone kind of an Ain't It Cool
like a newser that can give us the dope
on the Superman movie that I'm seeing teased on this poster?
Is there anybody here that's?
I guess.
Well, you know, you can't, yeah, I'm guessing, sir.
I want anybody that actually knows the dope.
Okay, I got a guy raising his,
well, can you come up here?
Cause the mic won't pick you up.
If you're willing to, it's fine.
What's your name?
Jeremy, everybody.
Welcome Jeremy to the stage.
Hello.
That's the, it's the new movie, Man of Steel,
that they're working on.
Right, it says Man of Steel.
There's a very cool looking Superman.
What's the actor's name?
Henry Cabo.
Cabo?
What's he from?
Where the B?
Cowbell?
The Cabo.
Henry Cowbell.
There you go.
Cabo.
Got it.
I gotta have more Cabo.
That's so hack.
So hack.
I'm a hack.
As your grandpa at Christmas, I'm asking you kids,
why is Henry Cabo exciting?
What was he in?
Interiors?
By Woody Allen?
Immortals.
Wow.
Wow, he did great in that Woody Allen movie.
Very...
The Tudors.
Okay, wow, we are...
Wow.
Immortals.
Okay, Tudors and Immortals.
Remember when it was just Harrison Ford
and three other guys?
Yeah.
Now it's just like, the barrel is so much wider
and the bottom can be scraped forever.
All right.
All right, Henry Cabo.
So what do you know about the...
So he has to...
They find out that he's got powers
because his dad's always like,
don't show people your powers or...
His dad?
Yeah.
Well, you know, that's Jeff, don't act.
Jarell?
No, his dad is an adoptive father, small though.
So he...
I will clear this courtroom.
He goes to the authorities.
He's like, I'm an alien.
And they're like, well, we've got to process you.
Oh, it's about alien immigration law?
Yeah, well, they're like, he's older
and he wants to...
He's been hiding.
He feels guilty about being...
He's been on, like, Deadliest Catch Boat
for, like, years, hiding the fact that he's Superman.
It's a retelling, it's...
It's a re...
Yeah, does he fight crime in it?
Eventually.
Like on page 20 or page 60?
Like, act two.
Have you seen it?
Is it out in theaters?
How do you know?
It's been really long trailers and it's been around.
They've been talking about it for a while now.
Are you excited about it?
I'm gonna see it, because I like superhero movies, so...
But are you a Superman guy or are you like Batman guy?
90's Superman.
I know a lot of...
Like, what does that mean?
Small though?
90's to 2000.
Comics.
Oh, in the comic, they actually made Superman appealing?
Yeah, yeah.
You know what I just found out about Superman?
I never understood the appeal of Superman.
I never got it.
Like, what does it mean?
Do you have Batman?
We have Spider-Man.
You can see the appeal.
Granted, all these things came after Superman.
We developed the idea of a Superman.
And then everything else is a commentary after that.
It's like, if you watch Easy Rider and you don't like it,
you can't necessarily say Easy Rider is a bad movie
because so much shit was influenced by this weird...
Dennis Hopper's high and he's got a camera.
But it's Superman.
I didn't know this about the history of it.
It was created by two Jewish brothers, I think.
And they were during the time when Jewish people
were incredibly feeling like, what is wrong with us?
Why does this keep happening?
Should I start feeling bad about myself officially?
And they created this character that was like,
they should have put a little super hat on his head
and had him be able to throw it and decapitate Nazis and stuff.
Super Yarmulke?
So that we could under...
Because I never got it.
But they were expressing...
Maybe that is the...
When we do keep Superman around,
maybe we're all feeling that, like,
that fuck you, you know, just that one impulse of like,
fuck you, fuck you, like that.
That makes me like him.
Other than that, I'm like, what the fuck are you?
Like, even in the movies, he loses his powers,
he gets beat up in a truck stop,
and then that whole movie is supposed to be
the coolest Superman movie, and then he goes back
and then he beats the shit out of a truck driver.
The worst, like, to me growing up,
lower middle class in Wisconsin,
was like, Batman, I like, because my fantasy is,
I want to be rich, and if I was rich,
I wouldn't fuck around with my money.
I'd use it to fight crime and word.
Like, I would make a super car,
and I'd have cameras everywhere,
and I'd go out and I'd kick some ass.
Like, green hornet?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Yeah.
And Spider-Man, too, is the same thing.
Like, oh, you're a teenager, you find out you're talented,
and then how do you deal with it?
The answer is wisecracking, you know?
Like, you get out there.
But Superman was always like,
oh, you're born special, boo-hoo.
Like, jerk off in a cup, pour it on your head, you.
That's his weakness.
Oh, his own cum touches him,
and he's like, oh, I'm my own worst enemy.
Now, when you remind me where I'm from,
I start to get weak.
So dumb, it's just so dumb.
But the Jew thing, like, really lifts it up.
That's the dash of pepper that every omelet needs.
Like, huh, this needs a little, like, gritty,
like, fucking, yeah, there's a lot of human emotion there.
Should have put that on the cover.
Superman, and then the subheading,
like, an expression of Jewish rage.
And then I'd be like, oh, shit, this is valuable.
Like, that mouse comic.
Like, go valuable, if I don't like this,
I'm a bad person, you know?
Like, this is important culturally.
Sorry, what was your name, Vest?
Jeremy.
He's wearing a vest.
I don't know why I said that, it's stupid.
All right, I got a lot of shit to get through.
Stay there, stay there, Jeremy.
You're gonna help me.
Holly Berry, Burbank Eye, Superman, Poster.
All right, all right, actually.
The trailer for that movie, by the way.
You don't watch The Bachelor, do you?
No.
Okay, well, the guy dumped the girl
with one arm, apparently.
If you're not caught up, sorry.
Yeah, I guess it's a spoiler.
Dan, aren't you supposed to be writing scripts right now
for various networks?
Well, I'm on a fucking stage, what are you talking about?
Oh, I was just watching a lot of TV, man, you gotta.
Oh, no, no, Erin tells me.
Erin opens the window and I'm in the backyard
writing my thing and she goes,
he's dumping the girl with one arm.
Get in here.
She's right to do that.
It's like, this is history, how do you do that?
How do you dump a one-armed girl?
They should have called The Bachelor this season.
The Bachelor, season 25, how do you dump a one-armed girl?
It's a good question.
Again, like the Superman thing.
Come clean about what's really powering your myth, you know?
All I'm seeing is a guy in a cape,
jumping around, he can do anything.
Tell me it's about being a Jew.
You're a complicated fellow, Dan.
All right, okay, wait, Alex?
Jeremy.
Christ.
No, wait, watch this, Jeff, watch this.
Should I get a name tag?
If you wanted to be named anything, what would it be?
Well, I like my name, so.
Ah, shit.
I just thought maybe, all right.
Sometimes I feel like when I do that, God's working through me.
Jeremy?
That sometimes is just bad with names.
Jeremy, the ghost poop law is an effect.
Who's passed you poop?
Who's passed you poop if you drop dead to me?
Uh, one of the high school bullies.
Really?
What's his name?
Uh, I'd have to narrow it down for that.
Oh, just what you have to.
You're dying.
Gene Hackman's asking you.
First of all, who is your poop mentor?
My poop mentor?
Yeah, who's your Gene Hackman?
Who's your young child?
Christopher Walken.
Christopher Walken comes with us.
Christopher Walken comes down.
And Jeff, he says what?
He says, hi, you're dead.
Sorry, you're so young.
Nice vest.
Have you seen that Superman movie?
I gotta have more cavill.
Oh, sorry, that's even hack for me.
Who do you want to poop?
Who are you going to poop?
Yeah, whose pants do you want to fill with poo?
It's your right.
It's a dead person.
Tick tock.
I'm a pretty popular poop mentor.
But also, you have 10 minutes to ask Christopher Walken anything.
Ask him any question you want.
Put on the spot.
It'd be so difficult.
It's all right.
Yeah.
Are you of legal drinking age?
Oh, yeah.
Do you want a vodka?
There you go.
That's your prize for coming up.
Cool.
Come on.
Jeremy, whose pants do you poop?
Oh, let's see.
We got a lot of shit to get through the show.
Chris.
Huh?
He's a high school bully?
He was.
Right?
Not anymore.
That would be weird.
What did you tell us specifically?
What's your memory of Chris?
What did he do to you?
Well, one of the, actually, no, I switch it.
Justin.
Justin Thomas.
You can bleep that out.
He's time out.
Justin Thomas.
What did he do?
One memory.
Regular, weekly, he would, if I had to leave the classroom,
he would flip my bag inside out.
What does that mean?
Like a book bag or a backpack?
Yeah, take your book bag.
It's a weird thing that they figured out how to do,
is they take your book bag and they empty it,
and then they turn it inside out
and put all your stuff back in,
except I always had a lot of stuff,
like papers and whatever in my bag.
So the first time he tried it,
he just, he didn't bother putting it all back in.
Right, of course not.
He flipped it inside out and he was like,
oh, this is a lot more work than I'm signing on to work.
So then what happens?
You got an inside out book bag?
Yeah, it's like it's zipped up shut
with all your stuff in it,
so then you have to then undo it
and put your all stuff back in.
Right, so yeah.
Regularly.
Did he ever, like,
did he ever get beat up or anything?
He attempted it once,
and then he didn't try that anymore.
Uh-oh.
Well, what, what, what?
Most people don't like lunchboxes going at their head.
You hit him with a lunchbox?
So it sounds like you, you had a pretty easy experience.
Eventually.
So it almost sounds like you're a bully.
It sounds like Justin Thomas
is going to shit your pants when he does.
I'm sure he's got a lot more people to deal with.
Probably, yeah.
So it was just, it was torment.
It was, it was just that, yeah.
Yeah, it was like just constant like annoying stuff.
Was he a big guy?
Was he a?
No, that was probably why.
Oh, of course.
Yeah.
Yeah, the little guys were the worst.
Like they were, they were, they were big guys
who were abusing their authority,
but then you, you, you would go,
clean me alone and they'd go, you're all late.
Yeah.
Dumb, dumb.
Fucking all, all assholes, all of you.
But then the little guy would be like,
yeah, he's the guy who's going to bring an exacto blade
to school as a fucking little guy.
This is dead, burned him with a cigarette,
and your problem all of a sudden.
This is the worst.
But you know, the great thing is,
you go to your tenure reunion,
all of those guys just like drank antifreeze and died.
I went to my 20 year reunion.
If you wait, if you make it that far,
they all blow each other up in cars
and like go to prison and stuff.
Like, well, whatever happened to the five assholes
that I hated the most?
Oh, two of them went to prison,
three of them ratted on each other,
and then one of them got out and blew the other one up.
Like, like, it's just great.
You just, so I don't have to do anything.
Like there is no revenge fantasy.
Like they just kill each other,
like bacteria in your teeth or something.
All right, thank you, Alex, John, whatever your name is.
Jeremy, everyone.
Thanks for opening up.
Boy, it sounds like that's Superman movies.
Now the jury's out.
Let's check back in with that Superman movie in a week
after we, let's get some more things.
All right, next item on our list.
You're familiar with Adam Goldberg, right?
Slightly, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, somebody in the front row just went,
God damn it, like, oh, it's Adam, okay.
Wait, I don't see Adam in the front row.
Oh, there he is, okay.
All right, so Goldberg, one of his moves,
he gives you things, and then he asks for him back.
Like he gives you a plate of brownies,
and he goes, I want the plate back.
This is my speculation.
He read about it in some book about,
Joe Rogan's guy getting laid or something.
Give him something.
Here's a t-shirt, and then you got,
it's like the old gag of like,
the old 80s sexist gag of like,
oh, they'll leave a purse at your house,
like on the woman's side, like, oh.
So give him a thing, like, oh, is there a handkerchief?
Hey, can I get that handkerchief back
so I can talk to you and dig my paws into you,
like just for a second?
So Goldberg gave me a box of a game called Citadel's.
It's like a role-playing game of some kind,
some kind of thing.
And I have it here, I'm gonna give it back to him.
That's it, we'll just knock it off our list.
Okay. Adam, could you please come up and receive your,
we'll edit this out.
So now you're gonna come up and you're gonna,
this is kind of like you breaking up with a one-arm lady.
This is reverse psychology back at you.
You got the mic.
Adam, here's your box of Citadel's.
Thank you, have a great week.
Adam Goldberg, everybody.
All right, shed no tears for him.
All right, moving down the list.
All right, apparently.
You're getting good at this, man.
My phone gets bigger and bigger and I can keep a longer list.
And yeah, I texted you earlier, you're at a bar.
And I texted you, so we're at the pikey before the show.
I said, order me a Sam Smith logo and a Frenette Bronco.
And I'm walking up and I get there.
I said, did you order?
He's like, no, his giant 11 by nine phone is on the bar,
on the table in front of him and still nothing.
I was probably talking to somebody or something about,
you know, I don't know who knows.
Is BJ here?
BJ?
Okay, I have his phone, sorry.
All right, knock that off the list.
Are you just breaking up with everybody now?
Yeah, I'm making amends, Jeff.
Why don't they, why don't you tonight show I walk off stage
and then you just hear a single gunshot and then it's like,
it's like, it's the most amazing show.
And then, and then all of a sudden I, oh,
shit, there's a pants a full of poop.
You son of a bitch.
And then, and then Adam goes through his pile of poop
and he pulls out the five of diamonds.
Is this your car?
All right, bachelor, one arm girl.
All right, Ryan Ridley couldn't be here tonight.
He's on a date tonight.
I want to, I want to bring a company episode.
I want to, I want to, I want to,
I want to bring him up next week
because I want to ask him how this date was.
That's not cool.
What do you mean?
I don't know.
It's personal shit, man.
All right, bring him up, bring him up.
No, he's not here.
Next week, let's see.
Tonight's date is, he's going on a date with a girl who.
Is that big news?
Is he kind of unlucky with the ladies?
It's big news for him.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, no, he's an active dater.
He dates, he dates more than I ever have.
Yeah, he dates.
He's part of the single scene.
He's going on a date tonight with a girl that she said
that they were trying to decide
what to do for their first date.
And she said, I want to infiltrate a cult.
And I immediately like kind of came down
and I was like, manic pixie dream girl kind of thing.
Like, you know, Amelie, like, I don't know.
Just go, let's have fun.
Let's have a hell of a bottom Carter face fight club.
You know, like, let's go, let's go wreak havoc.
It's like, like, does she understand?
Like, like, like my first date with Aaron,
we had a drink at 11 a.m. at the drawing room.
That's why I love her.
I'm going to be with her forever.
Because it's like, you're sitting there, you have a drink.
Like, guess what?
Being in love with him, he's going to be like, you know?
You like this?
Welcome to 20 years, you know?
Like, like, that's, that's me.
I'm 40, but Ryan's still out there playing the field.
So it's like, let's go, you know, what I want to do?
I'm going to take a pumpkin and sell it to a gourd.
Let's just, let's, let's culture jam.
Let's go to a laundromat, take the clothes.
If we're put on our head, this guy comes in.
It's like, let's, let's, let's, let's have no cameras there,
but, but be punked, you know, like a punk people.
And it would be Tom Green and a cult would be an awesome thing
if the poop thing happened, because you could get a bunch
of people to all poop the same guy's pants.
Yeah, you could, like, yeah.
The yogic flyers, like hovering over L.A.
Focused the poop, like the real genius laser,
you just target things, remote viewing poop people.
The president was unable to sign the anti-poverty bill today,
because so much poop was in his pants
that he couldn't reach the pan.
Yeah, what, what happens?
What happens if you're an unpopular president,
a bunch of people die in an unpopular war,
and is it one shit after the other,
or does it just compound, like, if 400 people die in a bomb,
in a building, and that exploded because of,
because of some sort of policy,
and they all pooped the president's pants,
is it 400 turds at once?
Yes, yes, yes.
So it's just shit everywhere.
So everyone, so yes, so when you go to the White House,
all you see is a giant pile of shit, always.
Right.
Like, you don't even see the White House unless
the government starts shaping up,
and starts representing the people so well,
that their poop doesn't, like, eclipse the ivory, like...
But nobody, nobody would run for president,
because even if you won, and like...
Exactly, exactly.
No one would run for president,
because it's a thankless, shitty job,
because it's supposed to be,
because you're running everything,
because you make the trains run on time,
you make sure everyone's happy,
unless you have a passion for doing that,
or a passion for sitting in a lot of people's shit.
Well, I, yeah, I guess maybe the, the random oddball,
it'd be like, for me,
I'm probably gonna do a lot wrong.
Like, I know, I know you, Turdy McGee.
Like, there's only so many of those.
All right.
Like, I'm from the hustler party.
I love, I love swimming in poop.
But other than that, you'd be like,
you know, you'd have, like, civil servant types going,
like, look, I get it.
You're gonna poop on me.
You're gonna poop in my pants.
It's gonna get, every day,
they're gonna have to deal with this poop everywhere.
And I'm gonna be surrounded by people
who have to deal with the stench of poop.
Like, when they come in, it's not a glamorous job.
If you want power, and you want romance,
you don't get into politics that way.
That, that you keep all of those people,
all those shitty people out of the business,
by making it an actual shitty business.
All of those people, then,
they go into, like, model railroads or something.
All of a sudden, it just deflects into, like,
model railroads become, like, a billion-dollar industry.
If you can make a perfect little train,
like, let that, let all the hobby shops be powerful.
And, like, let there be lines outside of it,
and people are just, like, swaggering,
like, oh, you wanna get in this hobby shop,
and no one can figure it out.
Like, like, like, like, let it be pointlessly pointful,
you know, like, like, outside of it, like, fuck that.
And then the actual places where you're running the government
are, like, like, people are just trying
to keep the level of shit down
by not fucking up everything all the time.
It's just a working theory, Jeff.
It hinges on this weird spiritual teleportation of shit thing,
and also, like, an afterlife and kind of thing.
But there might be a way to, like, replicate the effect
with, like, holograms, or...
It's just something to keep in mind
when we start our moon base on the moon.
Bring it back to the...
To our lost thesis.
Yeah.
I don't know how you got me on that topic,
but that was Ryan Really's date.
We got three things left, okay?
All right.
No, two things.
I jerked off today at work.
Wait.
Your office is nothing but glass.
It's all windows.
Yeah, it's a secret bathroom.
I had to...
I'm telling you and Aaron at the same time,
because I...
But I have to stay on the same page
and stay transparent about it,
because I had, like, three weeks ago,
if you recall, I stopped
because it was getting in the way of my work.
This was your first masturbation after the...
Yeah, yeah.
I had...
Here's the thing, like, last couple days,
like, I...
You didn't masturbate for three weeks?
Yeah.
Oh, that's wrong.
Hang on.
You're welcome.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you.
And you're welcome.
So that must have been a doozy.
I did it.
Not really, no?
That's the weird thing.
It wasn't like,
Oh, Hoover Dam!
It wasn't...
It was kind of like what...
It was like sneezing or something.
It was like,
All right.
And that's why I had to do it,
because I felt like...
I kind of felt like a weird...
It wasn't like...
Like, you know,
you're doing it eight times a day.
It's like a weird compulsive thing.
Like, you're addicted to the dopamine in your brain
that's generated by,
Oh, this is my comfort.
This is like eating macaroni and cheese.
It's a different thing
than when you're like...
Like, finally you're like,
I feel like I have a bag of concrete in my pants.
And I just...
Just go into the bathroom.
You know?
I don't know.
I'm learning the same time as you are.
You made that a lot less sexy than it could have been.
It's not...
It's not a sexy thing.
But I'm confessing I ended my three-week streak.
But it was a biological imperative.
I felt like I was going to get prostate cancer.
Because I hadn't...
You know, Aaron had been kind of sidelined
for the last three days,
because I'm working really hard to finish the script.
And so I was like,
I'm staying up all night,
and then I'm going to bed.
I'm exhausted.
So the end result of that was like three days of...
I'm not doing anything.
And then I'm sitting at the office today.
I'm like, I think I'm going to get cancer from...
Which is an urban legend,
but also I couldn't stop thinking about it.
And I was like, I feel...
I'm in pain.
I'm just going to go and...
You might have saved your own life.
Yeah.
So I did it,
and I apologize, America,
but I'm right back on the wagon.
That's like...
I'm sorry.
That's your update.
All right.
Last thing on the list.
Last thing.
Real Abbot's here again.
Oh, yeah.
This is a smattering of applause.
But an enthusiastic small portion of our crowd.
Seven people really were into that.
I saw him in the green room.
I saw him in the green room,
and he had a little brown paper bag,
which I wanted to start a new segment called,
What Did Abbot Buy at the Comic Book Store?
All right.
So let's bring up Real Abbot.
Abbot Gaith.
Abbot Gaith, everyone.
Hello.
How are you, man?
Good to see you.
Hey, man.
No, first of all, last week was super fun.
It was like really fun.
When's the last time you jerked off, Abbot?
Like two days ago, maybe.
See, I can't jerk off either, actually,
because I live with my brother now,
and if I jerked off in the same house as him,
right, it's weird.
It's a sin, right?
Well, it's just weird.
It's kind of like, you need to be alone.
What if you jerk off,
and there's a room full of animators
outside the bathroom door?
That's even worse.
Oh, OK.
That's worse.
Although I have jerked off at work before in the past,
and it's only because at the time,
I can't remember, like you said,
like you felt you had cancer.
I was like, something's wrong with me.
I got it, yeah.
And it's not even that joyful.
It's kind of like,
Yeah, it's like you have to do it.
If I had waited one more day,
I might have had one of those legendary wet dreams
they taught us about in our 1950s-inspired
1980s sex ed classes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I had to tell you about wet dreams,
and everyone in the 80s would be like,
Wet dreams?
Well, how does that happen?
But it was like, they only knew wet dreams existed
because in the 50s,
people actually didn't jerk off for a while.
I thought wet dreams was like,
when you just piss your pants.
No.
That's what I thought as a kid.
And then later found out it was like the other thing, yeah.
And I was really disturbed.
I was like, whoa.
I've never had a wet dream.
I don't think I ever, either.
I've had very, very...
Is this like an accidental jerk off?
Is that what happens?
Yeah, it's a nocturnal emission.
It's like you just come in your dream.
Well, do you like rub against something,
or is it just like...
I think you probably...
Your dream makes you go like,
oh!
And then like you have a...
Yeah, theoretically, you would just...
This is doing shit to me.
You're dreaming about, you know,
you're hanging out and you're playing badminton
with Nicole Kidman in your dream,
and then she, you know,
and then something happens.
And then, yeah.
And in your dream,
your body doesn't move in your dream.
Otherwise, that would be sleepwalking or whatever.
So you're just sitting there,
but then, ostensibly, I don't...
I believe the scientists,
if they say this happens,
that you're dreaming in your dream,
you're like, hey, Nicole Kidman,
come over for some lemonade.
And she's like, hey, I love lemonade.
I'm really grateful for it.
And you're like,
it's the best I can make.
I mean, it's fresh lemons.
And she's like, look,
I feel like I owe you.
I don't have any money.
And you're like, look,
you don't owe me anything.
You're a guest at my house.
It's a badminton tournament.
And then she's like...
And then she does something.
And you know, like, you wake up
and you know...
It's never happened to me.
Like, you know...
Yeah, it's never happened to me either.
You actually accumulate in your sleep.
I can't believe with an imagination like that,
that you couldn't...
You stopped masturbating for three weeks.
That's how...
Well, you have...
This is some heavy shit, man.
Why did you stop, actually?
What was the reason?
Because I was trying to...
I looked at the fact,
and I was like,
I am doing two things less than...
Like, I am writing...
Like, I'm not getting enough writing done.
And I talked to Duncan Trussell,
and he was like,
yeah, it's like,
is there something tied to this?
You know, it's not about self-denial.
It's about like,
what are we really doing when we do this?
And I noticed, like,
when I have a deadline
when I'm supposed to be writing,
I break world records.
It's not even...
There's nothing happening down there.
But I'm compulsively doing this thing
because I'm trying not to write,
because I'll do anything other than write.
Right, yeah.
So then you have a million other things,
like you check your Twitter
and you do blah, blah, blah.
But one of the biggest things
is that I really put a dent in everything.
I just...
It's like, if you eliminate this artificially,
then like,
if we close that door to that wing of the house,
let's see what happens in the other wings.
I see.
Well, you know, the thing that's weird for me
when you say that is like,
it never got in my way, really.
It just...
See?
If it was more mechanical,
it was like, okay,
I gotta go do this,
and then I'll get back to what I was doing.
Well, congratulations.
Yeah.
But I mean, that comes from like,
years of being single.
Yeah.
And it just became normal to me.
But anyway,
I still think it's normal.
Humblebrag, I guess.
I don't know.
I mean, I feel like...
Something to do with writing,
like, I could fill a Dixie cup.
Like, if someone told me,
you have to turn in a movie by next Wednesday,
I would like...
If I don't...
So I was like...
That's quite...
It's just a murmur of dissatisfaction
going through the crowd.
They don't...
Yeah, people don't really...
They don't like the visual,
but guess what?
I'm not asking this to be gross,
but it's only a question.
Are there women out there
that do that too as compulsively as guys?
They just...
You have a task...
They're not going to apply.
Good question.
I don't know.
Nobody?
Erin McGathy's one.
You?
Yeah?
You masturbate quite a bit
when you got...
Do you procrastinate and masturbate?
No.
Procrasturbate,
I think they call it.
Title of the episode.
I don't know.
It's a correlation.
No?
You just masturbate all the time,
anyway.
You know what?
There's playing video games.
There's eating ice cream.
There's masturbation.
There's checking your Twitter.
So all of those things are like leaves on a branch
as part of a tree,
and it all goes back to dopamine
being generated in your brain.
Yeah, yeah.
No.
You're comforting yourself.
You go,
I want to write,
writing is coming up against my limitations.
I don't want to be doing that.
What do I want to be doing?
I feel like it clears the pipes, though,
because it's like,
you got a lot of blockage,
and you're like,
fuck, I just want to watch something I'm watching,
and I don't want to think about...
All right, well, Abbot,
I've tried using your method
of clearing the pipes constantly,
and I got less writing done
than when I stopped drinking off.
You mean weed?
No.
What?
Clearing the pipes.
Oh, sorry.
I don't...
Don't be sorry.
Just make sense.
No, no.
You don't have to apologize.
Just communicate.
My brain did one of those, like,
random things.
All right.
Real Abbot.
Well, the...
What's in the paper bag?
What did you buy at the comic book store?
I just, like...
It's awkward because it's like,
whoa, this isn't even something
that I've read or I know about.
I just bought...
I got, like...
It's Fashion Beast by Alan Moore.
Issues two and three.
I don't even know what it's about.
Fashion Beast?
Yeah, but it's like,
I got it because I really like Alan Moore.
Alan Moore's the next one.
That sounds appealing to me,
but...
Alan Moore is the...
He's like the Dan Harmon of comics.
Well, I just saw the first five minutes
of a documentary about Alan Moore.
I knew nothing about him.
Like, you always hear his name.
I'm really late to that party.
Oh, really?
Yeah, yeah.
I knew nothing about him.
But amazing that he did all this shit
that everyone makes movies about all this shit.
And he hates it.
Yeah, yeah.
And he's like this amazing,
like, articulate, like,
crazy...
He's like you, kind of.
But, I mean,
he's like quite an individual,
crazy individual.
Yeah, he's...
Yeah, one should be envious of his,
like, he just planted a flag and goes,
this is who I am.
He's not...
Yeah.
He's putting out into the world.
I am at 40.
I don't know.
Like, I'm still...
I'll probably go to my grave in this lifetime,
still needing things from other people.
But it's so refreshing to see somebody
that's like,
like, he's just like pushing shit out
and going like,
this is how I feel.
This is how I think.
And it's like a man.
You can do like,
go and dip a cup into his river
and drink it.
He's pretty interesting.
Malcolm McLaren on that?
Like, Malcolm McLaren?
Like, Sex Pistols?
Like, lipstick traces?
No, I mean, he's an artist, I guess.
I don't know if the Sex Pistols guy...
I'm thinking of a different name, probably.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't think it's the same guy.
Oh, is that the guy that was like the...
It was the asshole that kept...
Yeah.
That kept sitting on heroin.
Right from the book, right?
That...
The Phil from the Fury and Johnny Rotten
blames him for killing a...
for helping, you know,
shit over this.
Right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Different guy?
I think it's the same name, yeah.
Same guy.
He's a cunt.
Same guy, though?
Yeah, Malcolm McLaren's a cunt
and I hope he comes on the show.
So the Sex Pistols guy drew this?
Well, maybe he co-wrote it.
All right, Bruce Valance and Malcolm...
Jamal Warner, whatever.
Malcolm McLaren.
All right, fun.
He must be Scottish.
You know what, though?
Alan Moore...
You remember that time we saw Watchman?
Yeah.
And I felt so bad because, like,
I love the comic.
I felt bad.
You know what I felt bad?
What?
I had just seen Watchman.
Yeah.
That's what was funny about it was, like,
I love at the end of the movie just hearing your...
You go over about how bad it was.
Because I agreed.
It was, like, it was so bad.
And I wanted to like it so much
because I love the comic.
But it just didn't translate.
Yeah.
And then you...
Yeah, it was just funny.
It was a movie that set out to ask
and answer the question,
who watches the Watchman?
It's unfair, though,
because the comic is, like...
It's really good.
That deserved more.
I don't know.
That was a goodie.
Oh, well, you know, it kind of, like...
I'm sure there were a lot of reviews
that capitalized on that Tia feeling.
Well, some people like it,
but I was like you.
I was like, I was so fucking bored.
I was like, oh, God.
I don't think, and I think Alan Moore
would probably agree,
I don't think when you adapt a comic
into the television medium
or the cinematic medium,
I don't think your job
is to take all of the content
from the comic book,
which is a specific medium,
and translate it onto this
two-dimensional stream.
What was the 99 red balloons part?
That was so confusing.
Like, why they played that song.
I was confused.
I really don't remember.
I don't remember that song in the comic, you know?
Maybe it was playing.
I must have missed something there.
That was like one of those,
like that movie just full of moments like that,
or the guy's ass.
I think that the biggest problem with cinema today
is that writing is increasingly a lost art,
because it gets easier and easier to...
Writing software is now just like,
anyone, anyone, like a fire hydrant outside.
Right.
Is ten fingers away from writing a screenplay.
It used to be like,
oh, you have to know how to set the margins.
And also, what if you...
Oh, there's a typo on one page,
and you're going to get out white out
or type the page over again.
There used to be a filter there
that guaranteed that people who were definitely
passionate about getting that job done right
were the people that did that stuff.
Now, fuck it.
It's as easy as, like, you know,
Tiddlywinks.
And directing is not the case.
So you have these geniuses, these visionaries
who are so good at knowing where to put the camera
and so passionate about the, you know,
the ways to use all this new technology,
the CG of those guys doing amazing things.
It's like, oh, this shot, like,
I want to show that die-hard movie,
the Born Paternity, you know,
where these are jumping out the...
Born Paternity.
The most amazing effects I've seen to date,
but it's this shitty die-hard sequel.
It's like, it's poorly written, you know.
The writing is not...
Because we've now regarded writing as like,
ah, fuck you.
Give me the script. Hurry up.
Give me the script.
Give me the script, Fatty.
Thank you.
Hey, ten fatties. Ten fatties.
Got any ten fatties?
Rewrite it. Rewrite it.
Just keep rewriting it.
Keep rewriting it.
You fucking fatty.
You neckbeards. You fucking...
You love Die Hard,
and it's a good, for a good reason
because that was based on a novel.
No, no, that's not why.
It's because the movie was good.
I don't know, the novel can suck my dick.
It is a good movie, but I think because it was based on a novel.
Die Hard 2 was based on a novel.
Die Hard 3 was probably based on a novel.
I don't think there's three Die Hard novels.
There's gotta be just one.
No, Abbot, there wasn't...
There was no Die Hard novel.
There was a Die Hard novel.
I've seen the cover.
Abbot, it wasn't called Die Hard.
I know it was called Something the Building Blew Up.
Exactly.
No, no, something...
And then there was another novel called
Something the Airport Blew Up.
It wasn't related.
It wasn't called Nakatomi 2, the airport this time.
Oh, I see, I see.
It's not...
I'm saying, like, for the Die Hard movies,
they take novels and they go,
oh, then John McLean's in there too.
I've never read any of these books.
You know Frank Sinatra was in there some movies.
The Die Hard franchise is...
The detective.
What was that?
The detective?
Okay, there's a...
I'm out of my depth here, but...
There's a novel that Die Hard's based on.
They at one time...
Did they make it?
Did they make the movie?
Yeah, it's in the same series of books.
But did they make a movie with Sinatra?
Yeah.
Okay, so there's a Sinatra movie called...
John McLean.
The detective.
And which Sinatra is the John McLean character.
I've never seen it.
I did not know that.
That's crazy.
I mean, is it any good?
Good old Sinatra.
I've never seen it.
Oh, wow.
That's cool.
Yeah, it's kind of interesting.
He was a good actor, right?
Like my ensuring candidate?
Wasn't he good in that?
He was good for a guy who sang for a living for sure, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's not like that today, right?
I don't know.
He won the Oscar from here to Eternity or something like that?
Yeah, yeah, I mean, he was sharp.
He was a good actor.
Yeah.
Anyways, it doesn't matter.
The director, the writers of the...
Good movies are often a fluke.
Like Die Hard 1 was really good.
You can't repeat.
Everyone tries to repeat.
Like you get, let's get John McLean into direct another thing.
It's like, it's very, very difficult to...
It was like lightning in a bottle.
It's just sort of like an accident.
You can see from the movie, like they weren't trying to make an awesome classic action film
that was going to influence everything.
Yeah, same with Ghostbusters.
That second one is painful.
Yeah.
Right?
It's so painful.
Because they're so close, but they're just so off the mark at every scene.
Yeah.
I mean, when they get on the slime and they're fighting, it's ridiculous.
And you get the DVDs and you can watch the deleted scenes on the first Ghostbusters movie,
or Stripes or anything.
All these awesome, like Ivan Reitman movies, you get to the deleted scenes and then you
go, holy shit, if these eight scenes had been in the movie, this thing would have been a
random mishmash.
And the last thing we should take away from that is a little, like a nice humble one.
It's like the thing that we're trying to achieve is a spiritual event.
It's a collaboration.
Like you're not, no one's a genius.
You're a Kowski Brothers.
You're not a genius.
Like you sat down and you made a movie called The Matrix where you were so joyful.
You were like, I hope we make a good movie.
Oh, I love this movie.
I love that movie.
You make The Matrix kind of on accident.
You make Jaws on accident.
You make Die Hard on accident.
Like there's smart people.
There's dumb people.
There's talented people.
There's passionate people.
But when you make a good movie, you're fucking lucky.
No, and back to the future, because it's like, that movie's so perfect.
You watched them again recently, and the second one is just off.
It's like, ah, there's all these levels to it that aren't working.
Yeah, there's no way.
Even the almighty Empire Strikes Back.
Everyone goes, oh, I love it.
No, you remember being 11, and it gave you so much.
It gave you so much more action figure-wise.
Wait, are you saying that you don't like Empire?
I'm just saying it's, I'm saying that unlike, I'm 40 years old.
He's so bored.
I'm entitled to my opinion.
You look bored.
I don't think it's the best movie of the Star Wars trilogy.
I think that Star Wars is so good that Empire Strikes Back can sit on it as a patio and not break.
But see, you're looking at it as like the foundation is what makes the second one important, right?
That's where your angle is?
I'm looking at timelessness and storytelling and clear, simple things.
Like Star Wars could be a cowboy movie.
You could tell the same story.
The little farm boy from a small farm town.
He becomes a bigger part of a bigger world.
Empire Strikes Back is driven by sci-fi concepts.
If there's no big penis monster trying to swallow your spatial, there's no movie.
It doesn't make sense.
A plot point is we're inside a squishy thing and there's a million plot points in Empire Strikes Back
that are like, it has to be a sci-fi movie.
So it's just at the end of the day a good sci-fi movie Star Wars is a timeless masterpiece.
Let's move on.
Okay, well, all right, all right, yeah.
I mean, after dinner, I want to say, I mean, after the show, I want to tell you why I think Empire is better.
After dinner?
Did you just ask Dan out on a date?
You caught me.
Next week, we're going to hear about that date.
Slick way.
And then we're going to find out that he left like a sock at your place.
Is it possible to have Abed play Chris de Burgh?
I'm assuming Camille's not here.
Camille, not Johnny.
Can we get another mic for Aaron and bring, let's get Spencer up here.
I'm kind of a D&D virgin.
You know what I mean?
I'm a D&D virgin.
I've never played before.
That's all right.
It's fine.
I know.
But don't I have to know stuff?
No.
Spencer, everyone.
And Erin McGathy.
I think I just ran into these right now.
Put them off to the side kind of.
They're in the way.
Just put them there.
Thank you.
Hello, Spencer.
How are you doing today, man?
I'm doing good.
I just dropped a dice.
You can sit down.
I'll stand.
You dropped a dice?
That's fine.
What did you roll?
I can't see it.
That's a good sign, though.
Dice on the floor.
Adventures galore.
Dice on the table.
Evil is able to happen.
To happen.
Are you awkward that I stand?
Or, you know, should I sit down?
I am awkward that I stand, yeah.
But I'll be so far down it'll be like weird.
No, you can stand.
Actually, you sit.
I don't want to be a rude host.
Are you sure?
Well, now I feel bad.
You're a doctor host.
We're most comfortable when you feel bad.
That's true.
You're like Superman in the train tracks.
You'll be filling in for Camille's character, Chris de Burghh, who is a thief.
I'm not mistaken, right, Spencer?
That's correct.
A rogue.
Chris de Burghh, like Christ Berg?
Yes.
He's a Jewish messiah.
He wrote Lady in Red, Chris de Burghh.
Yeah, he wrote the song, The Lady in Red, from the 80s.
Right, right.
And he's been on hard times, but now he's taken part in our adventure with us and our quest
towards wherever the hell we're going.
I don't know, is it?
We got through all of my items.
Is he like a new member of the correct quest, like he just joined?
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry.
Spencer, are you ready to get us up to date?
Not quite.
I mean, what's up, you guys?
No, let's kill some time.
Okay, cool.
Dan, I got to say great analogies tonight.
Oh, thank you.
You.
It always sounds sarcastic when I'm complimenting you, but it's really good.
The omelet line and the...
What was the pepper of the...
Yeah, that either your omelet needs something.
Oh, thanks, baby.
Great guys.
How are you enjoying living with me?
I'm loving it.
Yeah, we're making the space.
I had planned to turn into a giant master bathroom into your little art studio.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I like that.
It's a nice testament to...
It's like, you know what?
I'll keep using a slightly smaller bathroom.
It's like, you know, that's what, you know, relationships are.
Every time I walk in that room, I really feel your love.
You feel the ghost of my dreams of having like this Roman bath.
Ghost of your dreams.
This colligulant like...
I was going to have people pour pictures of hot water over me.
Yeah, it's like, now it's where you make calendars.
That would be awesome to have a room in your house that's actually a big bath,
but there's always a bunch of old Roman senators in there.
They're always plotting against me.
No matter where I'm at.
Oh, whoa.
Dan, sorry.
We didn't know you were here.
No matter where I'm at in my life, they're always plotting against me.
It just makes me feel more important.
I think I would like an egg salad sandwich.
Oh, of course.
What are you whispering about?
Nothing, sir.
Nothing.
Egg salad.
The perfect choice.
But just to come home from work and go into the...
Yeah, Aaron, I'm going to go on and take a steam and you're going in a...
Hello, Gragas.
Hello, Thrasius.
But then you also go to the drawing room and I go like,
I think Gragas and Fraxie are...
I don't think they wanted me to have an egg salad sandwich.
I fear the game is afoot.
Also, I've never seen them outside of the steam room.
Yeah, no.
I think I'm safe in that regard because they're pretty unmotivated.
Yeah, because I don't bathe often.
So it's a den of thieves in there.
It's a sewing circle.
That's the best.
One of them is always Malcolm McDowell.
Sure, sure.
I love it.
I think I have this sweater, but mine's blue.
Did you get that at...
Fashion Beast.
Yeah, I'm the Fashion Beast.
Did you get that at...
I have that sweater.
Where did you get that?
We shop at the same store.
I don't know.
21 Forever?
Target.
Yeah, that's where I got mine.
See, I knew I was just pointing...
People are going on Target.
You know this sweater from Target?
So you have...
Lady, take it easy.
I'm kidding.
Jeremy, did you cut off the sleeves?
I'm Paula from Scotland.
Paula from Scotland?
No, I don't cut Paula.
I'm a big Teenage Fan Club fan.
They're amazing.
Way to connect those dots, man.
Great job on Teenage Fan Club, by the way.
And Arab Strap, they're great.
She's so enough of you, Jeff, you have no idea.
Where are you from?
What?
London, wow.
She just said she's so in love with you, Jeff,
you have no idea.
Podcast listeners.
I like he was a friend.
It's a lot happening.
Thank you, Paula.
But you have to hear the accents, really.
I hope the mic's picked up.
It's like a terrible sequel to Trainspotting or something.
They have a cool accent.
It works against them, because I'm sure they're already drunk,
but the Scottish accent, yeah.
What?
The Scottish accent makes you sound twice as drunk.
It's amazing.
It's a great day for multi-colour racing.
Wow.
Offensive and an old reference.
I took a comedy sports accent workshop.
Give me an accent.
Irish.
You think you love me, but you don't.
Boston.
I'm wicked retarded.
Madagascar.
It's not bad.
That was more Mozambique.
Can you do Australian?
Yeah.
Boomerang.
Forget it.
I only knew the Irish and Scottish ones.
Thanks for hitting those first.
We should have stopped there.
All right.
How about Russian?
You got to have a Mozambique squirrel.
You are giving me microfiche.
French.
German.
We must get the cereal.
Go on.
The cereal nut.
For cereal is important for multi-colour racing.
Must a next multi-colour track.
Let me see your papers.
Your papers, sir.
Your papers.
My papers are running.
Opening smart car.
Multi-car racing.
Must ignore multi-car siren.
Racing out of Berlin.
Double agent.
All points both of them.
A man pretending to be Scottish
is driving towards the German border.
Meanwhile at the Reichstag.
Signing these Hitler papers is so boring.
Where is my cereal?
Father.
Why can't I find my cereal in Germany?
I'm Hitler.
Right.
I'm your father.
You loved cereal.
Just be careful, my son.
When you die, millions of people will shit in your pants.
Hear me now and believe me later.
Oh, I'm handsome.
Oh, I'm being shot.
I'm Hitler.
Hitler only got away with what he did
because the cops couldn't find him.
The whole time the German police are like,
that's not right.
You're under arrest, but we can't find him.
He's just like, smoking weed at your house.
He's just killing 6 million people
and I was looking for him.
All right, all right, that's enough.
You're coming downtown, Hitler.
Even the German police are Irish.
Oh, what do we got here?
Oh, I don't know, Glancy.
We're shutting you down, Hitler.
Looks like someone's committed a wee bit to genocide.
Oh, tell it to the judge.
Oh, no.
Hitler only got a few minutes.
Oh, yeah, I'll keep talking, sir.
You're coming downtown.
I'm from the Gestapo.
No, they're not.
The Gestapo's his anyway.
They're a little better, please.
They got Billy Clebsack.
I don't think so.
All right, Jesus, let's play some sad music.
Let's bring this thing on.
Get us up to date, would you?
All right, last time on Harmontown, our heroes.
What?
Nothing.
This is good.
They would have heard it on Harmontown.
Yeah.
Yeah, with the help of Chris de Burghh,
traverse the dark forests of Twyla.
The troop defeated a small horde of zombies
before coming upon the ruins of Merchul.
Passing strange statues,
moving away to a mysterious stand of trees
entwined and entangled into a massive clump
of trunks and brambles.
Throwing caution to the wind,
Quark jumped through a narrow crack in the trees,
falling into a muddy hole below.
Soon after, the rest of the party followed,
and together they found themselves stuck in the muck.
After searching around in the darkness,
they found an odd tile,
discovering it to be made of thin wood
and kicked it to kindling.
Sharpie cast light on an arrow,
which Chris de Burghh handily shot through the open,
and crawled through into the narrow tunnel,
examining a large mosaic depicting a green dragon
on the floor.
He attempted to remove what appeared to be a massive treasure
before he realized he'd sprung a Schrab.
Ah, I'm so sorry, this is awful.
Fuck everything.
No, it's great.
I'm just gonna leave right now.
What's going on? What do you mean?
I'm not reading off of this.
You're not living up to the Harmontown mark of quality?
You set such a big standard, you know?
Yeah, it's been a tight show.
It's a hard act to follow.
Yeah. Seamless.
A solid wall of thick stone thudded into the ground,
blocking the exit, began rumbling toward the songmaster.
What would he do? What would he do?
Still, he gets the music just right.
Spencer, I'm gonna call bullshit on that one.
I think he fabricated it.
I think you knew the music was longer than you needed,
and you faked a moment of insecurity
just so you could come back and just, like,
come right down on the end of the music.
It came from a real moment of insecurity,
but I realized I could twist it to my advantage.
All right.
All right, I examine our immediate surrounding, Spencer.
Okay, so you guys were in this dark pit.
There was this hole.
Christopher crawled through it,
and he was looking at the floor,
and then he was trying to extricate a large ruby,
and that caused a trap to go off,
causing a wall to separate the two of you.
The wall started approaching,
threatening to crush him against the wall.
I have evasion as a special ability.
Can I evade?
You cannot evade getting crushed to death
between two walls.
Oh, no.
So you were...
You got a moment?
When you were playing as Kumail,
or when Kumail was playing as your character,
who you're playing as, whatever,
he was pulling the ruby out of the ground,
and it was big.
It was this big thing,
and he was starting to get it,
and it was starting to come out of the ground.
But, you know, he's trapped because, like,
you don't know if you want to pull it out of the ground.
Can you put the ruby back in and stop the wall?
Yeah, I'm going to put the ruby back,
because that seems like a no-no.
Dropping the ruby had falls into its place.
The wall continues to advance.
Oh, no.
So from our perspective,
we see a wall moving forward.
Yeah, okay.
So, like I said, there's this hole.
At this point, you're probably peering through,
because you're like, what the fuck, right?
So, Quark, he tried to jump through
and save him, if I recall correctly,
but the wall thudded down before that.
So, he's probably in the best position
to see what's going on.
But, yeah, basically you saw the wall come down,
and it's going towards...
So, the wall's in between me and Christopher right now?
Yeah, and you can tell from what you've seen
that it's probably going to crush him.
And the wall's moving away from Jeff.
Away from you.
Is there a way to get over the wall?
It goes from the ceiling all the way down.
So, there's no way to get around it or over or under it?
Not as far as you can tell.
Damn it.
I look around on the floor
for any kind of triggers or traps
to sense some way to stop this.
All right.
Nope.
Oops.
All right.
Let me ask you a question.
Sidebar.
Okay.
This takes no time.
Quick.
Anyway, even though it takes no time.
Tensors floating desk.
Yeah.
It takes up space, right?
We've written upon it.
So, it's a thing that physically occupies space.
Yeah.
Can I cast it through a wall?
My objective would be to cast Tensors floating desk
as a wedge, Indiana Jones style,
like wedge the...
like create a space that couldn't, you know, to hold it.
Okay.
So, if this was like a weak force
that wouldn't be capable of crushing a human to death,
like that might function.
Right.
So, you don't have line of effect to the target.
Okay.
To my understanding.
All right.
Fine.
Anybody out in the audience have any ideas for this?
Magic hand.
Magic hand, says Jeremy.
A hole.
I'm dying.
Or the portable hole?
Is there a hole?
Is it nearby?
You don't have the portable hole.
No, you got...
I don't have the portable...
I don't have a...
What is this?
A portable wire?
No, that's not a hole.
Nope.
I have Mage Hand, but I already...
I asked about that last week.
That can only inflict very light forces.
Yeah, it says five pounds of force somewhere.
Yeah, it's pretty weak.
Why did you ask that hair dryer?
How big is the ruby?
Does it have girth?
I'd say it's about...
Does the ruby have girth?
Somebody asks.
I think I know the answer.
Wait.
What were you going to say, sir?
Is it larger than the width of a human body?
I'd say, yeah.
It's roughly the size of a manhole cover.
Okay.
Can he line up the ruby and wedge himself like...
If he left it out, perhaps.
I think I'm going to lift that ruby out.
All right.
Sounds like a good plan.
What's the hole like?
Is a hole big enough for him to get inside or not?
There's not a hole so much as a socket in which a ruby is sitting.
Right.
Okay.
Anyway, you tug at the ruby with all your might.
It begins to budge.
You think you're making good progress.
It's going to take a couple more tugs or so.
The wall continues its approach.
Tug, Chris.
Tug.
I'm tugging.
Continuing to tug.
I'm continuing to tug.
You increase your tugging speed and intensity.
I'm going faster.
Are you masturbating in there?
What's going on?
That's what I just realized.
No, I'm tugging at a ruby, man.
All right.
Okay.
Soon the oval ruby grows dislodged from its socket and you can see below a deep dark hole.
Whoa.
Okay, wait.
Oh, I didn't mean to make fun of you.
Sorry.
No, no, no.
That's my natural reaction.
That was my...
Yeah.
That was your natural reaction to your natural reaction.
Well, there you go.
I'm enjoying myself.
Chris, can you get inside the hole that the ruby occupied?
Is it big enough for you?
Definitely.
Well, I will...
I think I'm going to throw that 150-foot rope down the hole and we can all climb.
Well, you can climb.
It's just you in that little section right now.
Oh, well, I'll climb.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm going to climb down this hole.
Quickly, throwing the rope down to the hatch.
You notice that it's not tied to anything.
It falls down the hole.
Don't throw the rope down before you tie it to something, Chris.
I can't cast reduced person through the thing.
I need to line a site.
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe you can save that rope.
No way.
He doesn't know what's happening.
Did he just throw the rope down the hole?
Yeah.
Just throwing it like a piece of garbage?
Bye, rope.
Jesus.
Can you shimmy down or climb down?
The wall continues its approach.
Fuck, dude.
Well, I guess I'm going to jump down this hole.
I mean, here we go.
Try going down slowly, like with your hands out.
Yeah, can I do that?
Am I that cool?
I mean, yeah, yeah.
Oh, no.
You know what?
I have this crazy skill that I saw earlier.
It's called Master Climbing Kit.
I'm going to use that.
Okay.
Well, that would work if you had a rope.
Fuck, this fucking rope is going to be the death of me.
Wait.
Can I use my anchor to slow down the wall?
What?
Your anchor.
That it would you, if you could dock it to something on the wall.
Okay.
You look at the wall.
It doesn't have any dockable surfaces for an anchor to attach to.
Otherwise, yeah.
Okay.
If you're talking about Quall's Feather Token, it creates a magical anchor.
I feed Coco a carrot.
Coco's out of the dungeon.
Sorry.
I'm going to jump down the hole.
I mean, what's happening?
You lowered yourself down the hole, but you fail and you fall.
Uh-oh.
Oh.
You fall into the dark abyss.
You got it.
I found it all room.
It's Goonies.
I thought you were doing a really bad Camel impression.
Wait.
Am I dying?
Is this happening?
Maybe.
You tumble through darkness until you land in a pile of something.
Is this what happens when you die?
Until you land in a pile of something squishy, dry, and dusty.
When you land, you feel a great cloud of dust releasing into the air, invading your lungs,
burning and itching.
Oh.
You cough incessantly for a bit and feel sick and almost immediately.
To no effect, though.
You managed to shake it off.
Not bad.
All right.
Now, has the wall gone all the way across the room?
You see the wall for a bit.
It strains as if it's trying to smash something and then you hear a crumpling.
The wall strikes the far wall.
Before you, you can see a giant green mosaic of a dragon.
But in place of its mouth, you only see a dark hole.
So that's the hole that Christopher just fell through?
I don't know.
Like you don't know.
Oh.
I yell down the hole, Chris, you okay?
Yeah, I'm all right.
Ah, shit.
I wanted to do the thing in the movies where we reveal how we felt about the character
because we think he's dead.
But I guess he has to come up behind us at the end of that.
So never mind.
Never mind.
Stupid.
We'll do it another time.
So you're in pitch darkness right now.
You can't see a thing.
Oh, but I can hear like my buddy.
Definitely.
Hey, Christopher.
Hello there.
I'm fine.
But I can't see anything, though.
I need those cool glasses that you have.
Actually, does he have?
Maybe.
I light a torch and toss it down into him so he can see his way down there.
You light a torch and toss it down to him so he can see his way down there.
It looks like I can see now.
You just barely managed to catch it.
Whoa, there I got it.
Okay, so walking through this crazy dark tunnel.
Oh, I should stop you.
You're sitting on what appears to be a giant mushroom.
It's what released this great cloud of dust in the air.
That doesn't sound good.
Glancing around quickly, you can see the wall is covered in large fist-sized holes.
You can also see a large metal door with a huge, elaborate locking mechanism.
A lot of people get frustrated when they land in a mushroom.
That's why the fist-sized hole.
You hear hissing.
The sounds of hissing.
Uh-oh.
That means snake.
Well, or a tire leak.
Yeah, well, I don't think there's any tires around here.
Hey, Christopher.
Yeah, I think there's a snake down here.
If you guys could come down, that'd be great.
Just help me out.
Can you throw us the rope?
Oh, right, right.
I have a rope.
I have that staff.
I can throw the rope at the button.
Oh, we can climb down the button staff.
I used the button staff.
Using the button staff, you erect a rope.
I mean, not a rope.
That's stupid.
You erect a staff.
It reaches all the way down below.
Nice.
I'm going to grab this staff and ride my way up.
I'm a witch.
I slide down behind Sharpie, and we both do, like,
Batman and Robin quips.
Holy mushroom powder Sharpie.
But at some point, we hit Christopher,
who's coming up, right?
Well, yeah.
Did you plant the rods so that it was in the mushroom
or not on the mushroom?
The floor next to the mushroom.
Okay.
Then you don't hit him.
Wait, he said he was climbing up the pole.
Oh, well, then you do hit him.
Ouch.
You're at an impasse.
I'm coming up here.
Well, we're coming down.
Well, I'm coming up.
I don't know if you want to come down,
because I heard some hissing.
Could be a snake.
You're coming up?
I guess so.
Is that cool?
I guess we better get this party started.
All right.
Fuck you.
It was delicious low-hanging fruit.
Well, maybe I'll stay put.
Yeah, listen, I understand your impulse to come back up,
because you were previously in a situation
where you weren't able to come back up,
so your first instinct is to come up.
But speaking on behalf of the people that were up
and couldn't come down,
I'm saying the grass is always greener on the other side,
vertically or horizontally.
Like, we're coming down.
I suggest you stay down.
I don't get the grass here, though.
Just get down.
I also go down.
It's dark.
The combined weight of everyone going down at once
overcomes.
Guys, we got to start fucking cooperating a little bit.
Especially on ladders.
That shit's dangerous.
Well, I thought they were already down.
I think that the way it's painted in my head,
there's a rod.
Right.
It is standing next to a mushroom.
Yeah.
He's climbing up.
Yep.
His face is basically in your underrows.
And now you two have come atop.
Yeah.
And that's causing the whole assembly
to slide down slowly to the floor.
Can I use my long, beautiful hair as wings and float down?
Yeah.
It's like a parachute lifted slowly to the ground.
Thank you.
Whoa, guys.
I cast feather fall and get off the pole, too.
If Christopher wants to go up and, you know,
go start his music career, you can.
All right.
Are we all down by the mushroom?
That's true.
Okay.
So I look around.
What's going on down there?
You see a wall.
You see, it's a rounded chamber.
Some might say Ovaloid.
Some might say what?
There's definitely fist-sized holes dotting the walls.
You can hear the hissing that he was talking about earlier.
It's in fact growing stronger.
You know, that hissing is coming from behind the wall.
There's also a large metal door.
It's embedded in the wall.
It's the only door you can see.
It has a large elaborate locking mechanism
and a large keyhole in it.
I got a feeling you hit that lock wrong.
Snakes through those holes.
Am I right?
No, man.
Good theory, man.
Well, isn't Christopher, he's good at locks, right?
He's a thief, isn't he?
True.
Yes.
You know, but I don't know if I want to let these snakes out.
Right, so to speak.
It's like a song.
It's not a song, but...
Piss, piss, piss.
I'm not sure.
I mean, to keep things lively, I guess I'll move forward
and open the lock with my lock skills.
Okay.
Lock undoing skills.
Before you can head to the lock,
Mulraine, out of the corner of your eye, you can see snakes
pouring out of a few of the holes to the southwest.
You guys.
Mulraine, don't you have animal husbandry or something?
Can we just climb back up the staff?
I do.
I have...
Actually, I don't know.
You hear a rumbling overhead.
I have handle animal.
Can I use handle animal with these snakes?
I use handle animal.
I handle the snakes.
I handle all those animals.
Okay.
And then I pitch a kids' show to Nickelodeon called
Handle Animals.
You attempt to handle the snake.
It rises up and seems to be swaying slowly from side to side.
Sexy.
You hear hissing behind you.
Cool?
I turn around.
I think they want to dance with you.
You see a few more snakes pouring out of the hole.
Handle animals is what we would need.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Is this mushroom possibly something we could use in some way?
I thought at first I should take a bite.
Open the fucking door.
Unlock the door.
I was trying to, but then the snakes started coming out.
Well, that's a lie.
I have a sack.
I take my sack and I hold it up to the holes.
And I'm also handling the animals.
I handle them into my sack.
I'm going to open the...
I'm not talking about jerking off, right?
I'm going to undo the...
On your skills, there should be something on the other page.
Not that one.
On the right side of this page, there should be something that says open lock,
and then there should be a number somewhere.
The right side, yeah.
All right.
I'm looking, looking, looking.
It's 100.
Okay, it's 13.
Awesome.
Okay.
That's small modifier.
Yeah, 13.
Skill modifier.
You start picking the lock.
It's going to take a bit.
Here we go.
As this happens, you guys, you feel,
you hear the weird sound of sproing floorp.
Sproing floorp.
A green cloud of smoke is emitted from the room
and standing where the snakes were.
You see several green humanoid figures.
They're holding bows.
All right.
What are you doing in our inner sanctum?
I'll handle this.
Oh, the snake people.
Oh, fair travelers.
We come in peace.
We have traveled far and wide to give you homage.
We come here only to, to extend to you
the utmost privilege and courtesy.
Oh, thank God we found you,
because we've, we've heard about you forever
and we just, we're just huge fans.
Do you have diplomacy, Dan?
Yeah.
It would be on that first page.
I have diplomacy, too.
So do you want to also say stuff?
Yeah, I say I'm with him.
You guys are, thanks for having us.
Can I say something?
I have something to add to this.
Wait, are you done?
Yeah.
Don't kill the lily.
Let's just.
Yeah, let's see what they say.
You can go ahead.
I was just going to say,
are there 80s fans?
I'll play them a song.
Where's diplomacy Spencer on my front page?
It's on the right side where your skills are.
It's alphabetical.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I don't.
Can I, can I still do it?
You just aren't as good.
Right.
Can I use my how to disguise
and make myself a green person?
Yeah, definitely.
Okay.
I do that.
You'll have to do it stealthily
to evade detection.
I do it stealthily.
You do it stealthily
to evade detection.
Are they threatening us?
They're holding bows drawn at you.
Well, I'm going to say,
look, it's your cousin from long afar
and she misses you guys.
Why haven't you wrote scrolls
detailing how you're doing to her?
Actually, they are pointing arrows.
I'll tone it down.
Anyway, this is your cousin.
I can cool it.
Everybody's talking at once.
It doesn't seem very convincing.
But then, I take my emerald green dagger
and I go over to Mulraine disguised
as one of these green people
and I say, Mulraine, this is not going
to be what it looks like.
I'm going to pretend that we're
holding you as a hostage
because you look like one of them.
But I'm not going to do anything bad.
So I put my dagger up to Mulraine
so I'm going to go,
hey, open that door and let us through
or your friend gets it.
He means it.
You hear the voice of the dagger call out.
Hey, hey, snake dudes.
This guy's totally lying.
It's a trick.
That dagger, man.
Why would my dagger do that?
Because it's an intelligent item.
Okay, I put the dagger away.
I take a sword out.
It doesn't talk back.
That's true.
Okay, I take my sword out.
That's the thing I got at a Renaissance fair.
Anywho, I take my sword out
and I hold it up to Mulraine disguised
and I say, hey, open that door.
Open that door.
Your friend gets it.
What's your diplomacy, Jeff?
My diplomacy is 10 with a 3 and a 7.
With a minor in theology.
This is 10, then 3, then 7, whatever that means.
Yeah, okay.
That makes sense.
Oh, so it's math.
Okay.
Sometimes it's math.
Yeah.
You seem convincing.
The lead snake person mulls over the options.
I use Intimidate, too.
Well, you gotta pick one.
So diplomacy or Intimidate?
Ah, shit.
Intimidate.
Okay.
He stops for it and he's like, wait a second.
You shouldn't kill one of our own.
Probably.
Also, I'm frightened.
Oh, snake people.
Oh, so superior because your backs bend
in different ways.
We of the primates just come to pay honor to you
for your blood runs cold and your hearts are but two chambers.
Or maybe even one, I can't remember.
It's true, brethren.
I came upon them.
They were making posters paying homage to our people.
We're just here to hang out.
We love lizard people.
He seems lizard people, yeah.
That was bad, right?
Yeah, no, that's insulting, in fact.
Oh, no.
He seems a bit enamored by your speech
after being frightened by the known barbarians.
We got to get in the same page here, you guys.
We're sending mixed messages.
But the snake man to the left, he looks a bit unstable.
He freaks out and he hits the one in the middle.
Fuck it, that happened.
They're hitting each other?
One of the guys, he jabs them sharply in the ribs.
He's like, hey, get a friggin' grip.
Oh, I see.
Let's keep it safe.
Safe to work.
Oh, look at this guy over here.
I walk over to him, go, what's with this guy, huh?
I walk around, I go, before that happens,
the one on the left says, hey, hold it, hold it, hold it.
No, no, no, it's cool, it's cool, it's cool, it's cool.
I'm just saying, let's get along.
I'm relying on my elongated S's to woo them into...
Pretty tricky.
Hey, everybody, let's just say we're just here to
service the idea of getting along.
While he's doing that, I walk around one of the
agitated snake guy and I get down on my hands and knees
like a Hopin' Crosby kind of thing.
At the end of the days, all we are is just a bunch of
slaves to work it for the weekend and I push them.
Uh-oh.
For a second, you don't think this half-ass plan is going to work.
But Quark, being naturally sneaky, manages to crawl into position.
Thinking fast or whatever you had mentioned, you push him over Quark.
All right, you see what happened there?
The rest of you, following the fucking liner, will trip you too.
They shoot arrows at you.
Uh...
I...
The arrows hit and you feel a bit woozy.
If there was something coating the poison in those arrows.
Uh-oh.
Oh, no.
Tricky business indeed.
Who was hit, Spencer?
It hit...
Both of the arrows hit Dan.
Oh.
Oh, no.
I like fire flames in my eyes.
I take out my arrows.
I fire two arrows at the snake people and they're looking at me like,
What?
You're one of a...
But I do it.
Nice.
So what kind of arrows?
Perfect ones?
Obsidian.
Vieros.
With a woody feel.
The Vieros.
The cedar.
Oh, cedar.
Okay.
I fire two Vieros.
Okay, so are you shooting them at one person or two people?
I'm the two most dangerous.
Two people.
Okay, so you fire at them.
Yes.
Both of their arrows strike their mark.
All right.
Oh, nice.
Quite the archer art you are, you know?
Your regular green arrow.
Thank you.
One of them takes seven damage, the other three.
I stand up into a flaming sword attack on the other snake person.
Leaping quickly to your feet.
You grab your sword and thrust it viciously into the...
Which one did you say?
The one that we knocked over, the one that's on the ground.
The knocked over one.
With my loot or mandolin, whatever, can I score the whole action scene?
Is there doing all that?
Do you have a loot?
If you do, it should be.
You could, potentially.
Or you could get in the fucking fight, Christopher.
No, I mean, I just want...
Yeah, I mean, all right.
I'll help my homie out and, you know, claw him on the head or something.
Yeah, I'll use my bow and shoot arrows also.
All right, well...
At the last guy?
Quark with his, you know, his flaming sword strikes the fallen snake.
He dies.
Oh, yeah.
Nice.
Great job.
See, that's so hard.
Yeah.
You dealt 19 damage.
Okay.
Quite a feat.
Oh, man.
Do we get, like, points and shit?
Experience ones, yes.
Yeah, that's cool.
Okay, so now do the thing that you're going to do.
Wait, divided among us or does he get them all?
Oh, it's divided.
Don't you worry.
Yeah.
I'll take care of you.
That's cool, man.
I got some points.
You were going to do something, though, with a bow, maybe?
What was it?
Me?
Yeah.
Oh, well, there's nothing left to do.
No, no, no.
There's two other guys.
Well, I will shoot.
I got to divide experience points with this guy.
I'm going to, sorry.
I'm going to, like, shoot one, like, really fast, like, one bow, one guy, one bow with
the other guy.
I mean, arrow.
Okay, so you can almost shoot one arrow.
I stand behind Chris and I cross my arms and I nod my head as if I taught him everything
he knows, but I know I didn't.
But it looks like I did.
Well, you can shoot one arrow, so pick a target.
Left or right?
Oh, okay.
I mean, I guess you always go left.
Well, maybe right.
I'll go left.
My first answer seems right, yeah, yeah.
Your arrow strikes true, hitting the snake right in the chest.
Oh, yeah.
Ah.
It deals 10 damage.
All right.
The snake goes down.
The other snake freaks out and turns into a snake, an actual snake this time.
And slithers away into the hole behind.
Ah.
I want to stop him.
Do you want to try and stop him?
Yeah, I want to grab him.
What's your dexterity?
Well, that's not looking good, man.
14 plus 2, it says.
Plus 2, yeah.
He manages to worm away.
Me.
I whip him.
It's too heavy.
I like your thought.
Can I make a go at it?
I whip him.
I use my whip.
Okay.
Your magical whip.
So it's going to take a minor action, and then you whip.
You miss, so, well, there you go.
Chris, while we were fighting these people, did you have any luck opening that door?
That's true.
In this time, the door has now been unlocked.
Ah.
I earned some points there.
Where am I keep?
I open the door and peer through it.
You peer through the open door.
No, what's happening?
As you open the door to the threshold, you are assaulted by the sharp abrasive smell of the chamber air.
Thick and heavy, but clawing at your eyes and nose.
A sharp tang of vinegar and incredibly pungent sour aroma invades your senses.
Well, we're at the drawing room.
You can see a large stone chamber in the center of which is three large humanoid statues that are beginning to crumble.
Next, behind the statues is a large staircase leading up about 80 feet high in tiered steps.
At the top, you can see chests and barrels and what appear to be a massive sarcophagus
made of obsidian surrounded by several forms of tribute.
Gold heaps of gold.
Rich!
I turn into Sharpie and I start to do a high five and go, not again!
It's in the way that you use it!
And credit starts to roll.
Freeze frame.
We'll divvy up that treasure.
Cliffhanger!
Spencer, everybody, once again.
Erin McGathy!
Abed Gheith.
Abed Tiny Food Gaith.
Thank you, Abed.
Enjoy those fashion beasts.
I will.
I'll let you know what it's like.
That was an alright show.
I'll give that a Burbank 8.
A Burbank 8?
Yeah, you know, Burbank, you know, lower it, you know.
Like, you know.
Oh, what the fuck?
Oh, shit!
Wait.
God damn it.
This is going to be hard to describe with the podcast listeners.
An apparition just appeared on stage.
It's our good friend BJ, everybody.
BJ, briefly, briefly for the people listening in Indiana and whatnot.
BJ comes on stage wearing pink leopard or cheetah jaguar?
What is that?
Trousers.
It's a pink leopard.
Pink leopard trousers.
It's got rainbow bright moon boots.
Yeah, punky broosters, giant shoes.
Yeah, thank you.
They're not strawberry shortcake boots, as previously said by someone not here.
And there's a red tartan jacket, open shirt, hairy chest, a colorful scarf.
BJ, how should we end the show?
I traveled back all the way from the future just to figure out how to end this show.
How about with a song?
What's the future like, BJ?
Yeah.
It's bright.
Because the sun's bigger?
There's more than one.
Oh, there's two suns?
Two suns in the future.
One of them is ours.
Who does the other sun belong to?
The other sun belongs to Jeff.
And Jeff has a son.
Jeff has a son in the future.
A son in the future.
Jeff's son from the future.
I got my own son in the future.
It's me, dad.
BJ's your son.
That's who I was all along.
BJ is Jeff's son.
In the future, BJ is Jeff's son.
This is as far as I can get because of the cord.
Jeff's story has just begun.
Sorry, technology.
In the future, BJ is Jeff's son.
Okay, thanks for catching me.
And Jeff adopted himself.
People from the present?
He put his sperm on a shelf.
He impregnated himself and BJ is the resultant answer.
Wait, so I have a son that lives in the future?
Yes.
And he's part you?
Part you.
There is no woman involved.
You finally achieved your dream.
In the future, it's possible for you to have your dream.
You can procreate without having to involve any woman.
But how does he go to the future and come back now?
Because he's part you and part you, he's so smart he can invent time travel.
But is he also a stellar body?
There's two sons.
One is the actual star that we call our son.
He is your son and his wardrobe choices are so radiant that he actually is defined as a solar body.
So he's the future me?
Yeah.
I throw up the shackles.
And the future you?
I throw up the suits.
Yeah.
The future you is a star.
Just like the sun.
And the future you likes to drink just like you because drinking is so much fun.
I love my future gay son.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody.
Thank you BJ.
Thank you.
Thank you Dustin Marshall, Zac McKeever, and Emily Gordon, Jenny Fine.
Also Jeremy for coming up on stage earlier on.
Hello our drunken Scottish friend.
Hoppet, Gaith, Erin McAfee.
My foam sword is shiny and sharp.
I fight you mama like life guarding the garb.
I fight you mama in Harmontown all day.
Jeff's son's already gay.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for Dan Harmon everybody.
Harmontown, I fight you mama in Harmontown.
I fight you mama.
I fight you mama on a plate in a bowl.
I fight you mama tell her face got a mole.
I fight you mama dermatologically speaking.